Title: Day in the Life of an Average Japanese Salaryman in Tokyo
URL: https://youtu.be/6tmjXp_AYg0
Tags: Culture_Vlog, en, long
Time: 20260224_181204
----------------------------------------

This is Makoto, a 27-year-old single salaryman
living in Tokyo, and he's just waking up for work.
He prefers to skip showers in the morning,
as well as skipping breakfast at home,
very common in Japan, and also time efficient.
His house is relatively large for Tokyo,
but he shares it with his family who
run their business from the 1st floor.
Looks like the rest of the family is still asleep.
In summer, Tokyo becomes
unbearably hot, so he dresses in cool biz,
meaning light attire, no tie or suit jacket.
Some traditional Japanese
companies don't agree though,
and you'll catch some of these salarymen
walking the streets in the video.
Makoto, how long does it take you to get ready?
I get ready in 10-15 minutes every morning.
Makoto lives too far from the nearest train
station, Akabane, to walk every morning,
so he takes a 'mama chari',
a Japanese slang for mom’s bike.
Many people who live far from the station
ride their bikes and park them in paid spaces,
as the city confiscates bikes in undesignated spots.
So there's unwritten escalator etiquette in Tokyo.
Stand on the left and walk on the right.
As you can see, Makoto's excited
to get to work, so no standing for him.
So Akabane is in the northern
part of Tokyo, right next to Saitama.
Makoto's office is located in Korakuen,
which is luckily in the northern part of Tokyo as well,
so he only has a 30-minute train ride to work,
which is half the time for a standard Tokyo commute.
But he does have to transfer
midway and take 2 trains to get to work.
Time to transfer trains.
Alright, so I think Makoto's
train is arriving right now.
Let's see how he is.
Makoto, how was the train ride?
It's super busy everyday with so many people.
Japan is always like this.
I try to be patient.
Oh look, that's Tokyo Dome.
That's pretty cool, but the trains
must be crazy busy on game day.
Makoto works for a company called Mobal,
a SIM card provider in Japan.
Makoto was hired straight out of university,
and he plans to stay with Mobal his entire career,
another characteristic of a Japanese salaryman.
So he's going to pay with an IC card
commonly used in Japan
at conbinis, trains, taxis, restaurants,
and even vending machines, all with one touch.
Oh, how convenient.
His office is in the same building as the conbini.
This is our office.
As the youngest employee in the company,
he's always the first one to arrive at the office.
It gives him time to get the office
ready and get some work done.
Makoto, how many people are in the office?
There are 5 people in the office and now we have 2 interns.
The first person came in.
And more!
These 2 ladies are interns
that Makoto is helping manage.
And that's his boss!
Although it's a small Tokyo office,
you can see that Makoto sits
next to his boss without any barriers.
Open seating style.
What are you doing now?
I'm making iced coffee.
Since it's summer everyone requested iced coffee.
In larger Japanese companies, usually an office
lady would prepare tea and coffee in the morning.
But in smaller companies, you'll find
the youngest person will be tasked
with many of the day-to-day administrations.
Seems like Makoto's happy to do it, though.
It's about to get really busy.
We're going to be going to a lot of places.
But that's kind of like what happens
when you work at a small office.
You kind of have to do everything.
And Makoto, he comes in, turns on
the lights, makes coffee for everyone.
I don't know.
Is this like  very similar to your country?
Let me know in the comments.
He's off to his first appointment now.
How much time do you have until the meeting?
I'm kind of running late.
I got to hurry.
So Makoto's official title is Marketing
Advisor, which is kind of vague.
In fact, his business card
doesn't even have a title on it,
which will make a bit more sense as the video goes on.
Makoto, where are you going right now?
I have a meeting with a coffee roaster in Tsukishima.
It's a shop as well and that's where I'm going now.
So Makoto is visiting a coffee roaster in Tsukishima
to prepare shipments for the company's subscribers.
It seems kind of odd for a SIM card
company to be in coffee subscriptions.
But the business is part of
the company's initiative as it donates
all the earnings to a charity
called Warm Hearts Coffee Club.
Managing this effort is also part of Makoto's job.
So they're actually roasting
the coffee beans right now as we speak.
Oh wait, I think I'm missing it.
Now he's heading to Shibuya from Tsukishima,
which are on opposite ends of Tokyo.
Another 30-minute train ride.
So, where are you going now?
I'm headed to Coin Space, a tourist information stand.
They distribute our SIM cards there.
I'm going to answer their questions in person.
If you've been working in Japan long enough, like me,
you'll notice that there's almost an excessive
amount of face-to-face meetings between companies.
Even though many interactions
can be done over the phone,
Japanese feel it's important to meet
and talk in person to build strong relationships.
In fact, Makoto spends a lot
of his day traveling on the train
between home, office, and client visits.
I'll save you from the monotony
and edit out most of the traveling,
but pay close attention to the time in between
locations that gets eaten up by travel.
He doesn't have a lot of time for a sit-down lunch,
so he's going to pick up some food
at the 'su-pa-', or in English, supermarket.
Then head back to the office to grind
out emails he missed during the meetings.
This is how I usually eat lunch.
I eat at my desk.
I don't want to bother him during his lunch,
so let's go forward and explore this office.
That's the elevator we came in on.
There's a company here, so it looks like there
are 3 rooms, or like 3 companies on this floor.
And then you have the men's bathroom,
and then you have the women's bathroom.
Like all videos, let's check out what it looks like.
I don't know, are you guys looking
at other people's bathrooms, or is it just me?
Oh, so 1 toilet on the floor,
and with the standard Japanese Washlet.
And it looks like they do have the sink area,
which is pretty standard as well.
On most floors like these like small business floors,
I think it's pretty much required to have like a sink.
And instead of having 1 office,
then everyone shares this common space.
You know what's actually in these boxes are SIM cards,
like free SIM card service for the rest of your life.
It's crazy.
So I think I found something.
What's this?
What's this little thing here?
Makoto, what's this?
This is a cell phone suit.
Cell Phone Man
Makoto, you travel so much.
Can you use taxis instead to get around?
I usually don't use taxis.
There's not a reason for it.
We usually use trains.
My boss is telling me I can't use it.
Hey man, it's not straight.
So now, Makoto and his boss are going to meet
with SoftBank, their supplier for SIM cards.
In more formal Japanese meetings, it's normal
to take several people from your company.
In fact, I've been in meetings with more
than 10 people from 1 company attend.
Nice.
One of the first Japanese business
manners to master is 'meishi koukan',
meaning business card exchange.
At the first meeting, 'meishi koukan' is a must.
It would be quite embarrassing to not have a card,
as you would be viewed as incompetent
or a person of no importance.
There are many rules such as how to hold the card
with both hands, how to dress yourself,
how to place the card on the table,
and to not put it away until after the meeting.
But that's a video for another day.
It's also Japanese business etiquette
to show your clients to the elevator
and to maintain the bow until the door closes.
So it's 5 o'clock now, and it's just kind of quiet.
Makoto is just finishing up some emails.
There's not a lot to do before he finishes at 6.
aside from all the emails that
he missed throughout the day.
So he's just working away like you would expect.
The day wouldn't be complete
without a visit from the delivery man.
I'm done for today.
Yay! Finally done!
Just a little past 6.
Time to clock out and call it a day.
Or maybe not.
Are you going straight home?
I'm headed towards home, but I've still got some work left.
Before going to the next spot, he needs to buy
some postage stamps to send out a few documents.
Luckily, most convenience
stores have a post box inside.
Oh, when elections get closer, you'll often
see these campaign cars near large stations.
So Makoto's company also
supports an after-school program.
Twice a week, he mentors
the kids and eats dinner with them.
Not so uncommon for Japanese
salarymen to work all these additional hours.
I'm almost home now.
I can finally go home.
And now, the day is done!
Back at his home station.
Oh no, he still has work after getting home.
I'm checking email for the last time.
Headquarters is in the UK so response is a bit slow.
After I'm done I can go to sleep.
That's a true Japanese salaryman spirit.
Finally, like most Japanese, a bath
at night before he goes to sleep.
I mean, who wouldn't want to climb into
bed after sweating all day without a bath?
Alright, so that's the end of Makoto's day.
What did you guys think?
If you guys liked this day-in-the-life series,
I'm actually going to have a bunch more of these.
So definitely hit that subscribe
button and the bell button
if you want to see more of these videos.
As you can see, Makoto is just chilling.
It's been quite a long day that he's had.
He's actually been to so many
places, traveling on the train.
His sister's just right there, just chilling.
I think his mom just came home.
It's just been quite a long day.
If you guys liked this video,
help me out and hit that like button.
If you guys want to see
what I'm doing on the daily,
then definitely check out my Instagram channel.
And I guess that's it.
I'll see you guys in the next one.