Title: I spent $273,000 on Tech made for BILLIONAIRES
URL: https://youtu.be/KflMqooMzF8
Tags: Technology_Vlog, en, long
Time: 20260224_181106
----------------------------------------

This is a pretty high-end $80 power bank
from Anker. But this is a $1,000 luxury
power bank from French fashion house
Hermes. So Anker can go into this phone.
Hermes can go into this phone. And let's
see which one has more charge in 20
minutes. When most people buy power
banks, they think of Ankor. When most
people buy earphones, they think of
AirPods. When most people buy
smartwatches, they think of Fitbit. But
this video is not about most people.
This is tech designed for the uber rich,
going all the way up to a, no joke,
$139,000
set of headphones that I'm a little
scared to even touch. Now, I would guess
that a lunchbox isn't what you'd
normally associate with luxury. You kind
of imagine Jeff Bezos has his meal
hunted fresh in front of him when he
hits his lunch break.
But if you were to use one, it would be
the $300 steam box because this steams
your food when you're ready to eat. So,
I started the steaming 20 minutes ago.
You just empty this water container into
the heating base and then control it
using the app on your phone. And it has
just finished. Woah. We weren't kidding
about the steam. Freaking hot. Like
actually surprisingly hot. But when
we're talking about the ability to
reheat your lunch, that is a very good
thing. I'm really curious how this
compares to just reheating in a
microwave.
Oh wow. It actually has that this was
just cooked right now feeling to it.
That's amazing. It's completely evenly
heated. The meat hasn't gone super firm.
They kind of cooked with this one. I
mean, clearly this is a niche product
because you got to fit a battery and a
water tank and a heater. The actual
space you're getting for your food isn't
massive. And most offices will have
microwaves anyway that do most of the
same job. But if you're somewhere that
doesn't, I would way rather have this
than a soggy cold sandwich that's been
in my pocket all day. Anyways, back to
work. Because anytime someone asks me
for a computer mouse recommendation, I
will always tell them go for the
Logitech MXM, it's expensive. The new
Master 4 is $120, but it's basically
perfect. And so, I am fascinated to see
if $365 can buy you something even
better.
I mean, I'll give it this. It is
definitely a more indulgent unboxing
experience. Comes with its own real
leather mouse mat and then the mouse,
which completely matches it. It's a lot
of space for such a small product, but I
guess that makes it feel even more
exclusive.
Wa! The thing's freezing cold to the
touch.
[Music]
Which is thanks to its gold tone plated
solid aluminium. Is that just like the
most elaborate way of saying it's not
actually gold? Send it back. I do really
like the way it looks though. This is
full grain French calf leather on top. I
feel like there's a direct correlation
between how much you're being charged
for something and how many words are
used to describe its leather. It's
actually a little bit strange to hold.
The mouse is completely symmetrical,
which is good in the sense that you can
use it with your left hand or your right
hand. Doesn't matter. But kind of makes
it a little awkward to use with both for
me. It just doesn't cup your hand in the
same way that something tailored for
that hand would. So, if I go to here,
oh, Logitech have absolutely mastered
the shape, but also every click is
cushioned and soft touch. And there's
even haptic feedback baked into this.
Whereas this Luna Artifacts mouse feels
like it's kind of material above all
else. This is the only way that my
fingers naturally fall on the mouse, and
it doesn't feel right. Also, it's pretty
clear the difference in usability
between the really expensive fancy mouse
mat and the actually $9.99 one from
Amazon. I mean, this cheap one is
bigger, it's less scratchy, and it also
doesn't rock when I move the mouse
around. Now, this thing does have a
couple of nice tricks to it, like you
can swap this top section for any other
color, and you can even stick it on a
chi charging mat to wirelessly charge
it, which is absolutely amazing. Does it
make it a better mouse? No. This is the
Logite Cole choice. Now, while we're
sitting in our executive office with our
fancy leather mouse and our now rapidly
calling lunch, we also need a pen. Not
for writing, just for stunting on anyone
we call into our office. And nothing
feels more fitting than the $759
Novium Hover Pen Future. Good to see
that at the very least they provide the
ink. And then this is the pen itself.
So there's a couple of unique things
about this guy. The first is that it's
convertible. So this is the fountain
nib. Let's open up my dream journal. You
do have to clutch it a little harder
than I'd like because it's really heavy
at the back and it's kind of smooth but
not completely. There is still some drag
against the paper. But then I can also
swap the fountain nib for the roller
ball.
Ooh, I think I like this better. It's
smoother than the fountain. But then
again, that's a bit of a weird one
because this is just using a very
standard generic cartridge that you can
buy for not a lot of money at all. So,
not that impressed so far. But then
you've got the mag lev pedestal. So your
pen goes into the middle there and then
it just holds. Can I spin it? Wow,
that's really cool. I've messed around
with quite a few levitation devices in
the past and they're always extremely
finicky. This surprisingly isn't. It has
quite a large sweet spot and it's fairly
stable. Oh, I also like the fact that
this is not an electromagnet, so it
doesn't need any power at all to keep
holding your pen like this. that is
actually scratching up the base pretty
badly considering I've like barely used
it right now. The biggest thing that is
making this version of the pen $759
instead of more like $170 is the nib.
This is an 18 karat solid gold nib. And
it is very pretty, but I really feel
like instead of having a pen for which
80% of its worth is concentrated in the
tip, they should have put that money
into just making the rest of the pen
feel more premium. Like this lid is far
too squeaky for a pen that costs as much
as a flagship smartphone. And it
shouldn't be getting damaged when you're
using it for its intended purpose. But
speaking of products that are often mega
expensive just for the sake of flexing,
we got shoes. Except the $900 Nike hyper
boots should actually do something to
back up that diabolical price tag.
Now, to my slight disappointment, that
thing is not fly around the city saving
humanity like Astro Boy, but they do
apply compression and heat to aid your
foot recovery. Ooh, these are also
really comfy. They fit like a glove, but
then also really squeaky, too. Kind of
sounds like they're wet. Now, hold down
the power buttons and that's going to
kick into max heat and max compression.
And in theory, I can just be standing
around going about my day while that's
happening. WA. Okay. Couple of very
immediate thoughts. It's a lot louder
than I was expecting, but it's also a
lot more powerful than I was expecting.
I had this idea in my mind that it would
be like going to a foot spa, but my feet
are getting crushed in a good way. And
it is boiling hot. My skin feels right
on the periphery of getting singed. I've
actually started playing football once
every couple of weeks, and my feet come
back a wreck. It really does feel like
15 minutes of this a day is going to
burn them back into place.
You can turn it down. I'm doing this to
myself technically. The only thing
that's missing is it doesn't have
coverage of this top foot area here.
Everything else is being very thoroughly
compressed. I love the fact that luxury
here is actually buying me convenience.
The fact that you could just be walking
or cooking or working and having that
recovery is amazing. I would actually
use this around the house instead of a
pair of sliders. Maybe turn the heat
down a little bit.
There's another pretty extreme way to
spend your hard-earned $900, though. The
Grams 281 152 Transit bag. I must have
been through 30 of the top rated
backpacks at this point, trying to find
the perfect ones to recommend in my EDC
videos.
But value has always been a key factor
there. So, it'll be interesting to see
what a bag that doesn't have that
limitation looks like.
I would like to make a statement.
I'm in love with this bag. It feels so
phenomenally premium to like touch, to
squish. Like these shoulder straps, they
feel like a stress toy. There's not a
single bit of rustling on the inside.
It's almost like they've got a a gel
interior. And the entire thing,
everything you can see is 100% Italian
leather, so it's also really durable.
The thing I would say I like about this
the most is that this is not a big bag.
It's actually the opposite of bulky, but
they've just planned it out in such an
intelligent way that there's space for
everything. Like, first of all, it opens
up completely flat, which I love to see
in backpacks cuz it allows you to pack
it fully like a suitcase. It actually
comes with a packing cube that has an
extra zip that you close to tighten it,
so you can viably pack a weekend's worth
of clothing in here. There's these
optional camera bags, and again, they've
just really thought about how it fits
together. Like there's actually a
designated Velcro section on the bottom
of this bag that these just attach onto.
I can't think of a single box that it
doesn't tick. You can still fit a
16-inch laptop in the back. You can
stick your passport in the secret
compartment over here. You can put your
sunglasses for easy access here. And the
felt inside will clean them if anything.
It's got an elasticated suitcase pass
through flap so you don't even need to
carry it when you're going through an
airport. There's even this tiny little
secret pouch on the inside designed for
an air tag. So functionally, it doesn't
really do anything extra compared to the
$300 bag that I use that is already
premium priced. So I wouldn't call this
GS28 bag good value. But is this a way
for someone who wants to spend a lot
more to be able to use that money to get
something that is even better? Something
that keeps all the functionality, but
now with topshelf materials, with a much
cleaner silhouette, and even a lifetime
warranty. I would say yes. I would say
this is like dream bag territory. You do
not need it, but I would totally
understand wanting it. But now, let's
upgrade the dream journal to something
digital because I've looked at digital
notebooks before on the channel, but I
have never paid the best part of $1,000
for the pleasure. So, the brand new
digital paper by Mlanc has a lot to
prove. This packaging design is so sick.
And then on the inside is the pen.
And then the paper itself.
So I feel like this product is actually
a pretty big deal. You know, MB Blanc is
often considered like the Rolex of
physical pens. You can easily spend
hundreds of thousands of dollars on one
from them. So, the thing that I'm
extremely curious about is what is their
vision for the digital writing
experience. This is like if Rolex made a
smartwatch. First things first, it's a
lot heavier than it looks. It's great
that you can use it for reading if you
wanted to. And the screen looks
incredibly sharp and detailed, but it's
so much heftier than a normal e-reader
that I think you'd be making a mistake
if you were using it for that. So, what
about the writing? I got to say, not
that impressed with this pen. For a
company who prides themselves on
craftsmanship and materials, there sure
is a lot of shiny plastic here. The way
the pen works is kind of interesting
because they've customd designed three
different types of tip. They've got
linen, which is the roughest one, and
then it goes matte and then smooth. So,
let's try the linen. Ooh, does actually
feel really nice. It's got a little bit
of scratchiness to it. That does make it
feel a lot like dragging a pen across
paper. If I close my eyes right now.
Wow. Yeah, that really could just be me
writing on a piece of paper with a
rollable pen. Something has been
translated from the physical writing
experience to the digital. If we now try
the smooth tip, can I tell the
difference? To my surprise, yes, I
actually can completely. It kind of
feels like drawing on glass. It's got
that silkiness to it, which is kind of
nice in its own way as a tool for
writing. I'm a big fan of this. I love
how the pen just snaps onto the side.
Doesn't wiggle at all. I love how it
wirelessly charges automatically while
it's sitting in that spot. It's really
cool how almost instantly the moment you
finish a note, it will appear in the
fairly swanky looking Mont Blanc app on
your phone. Okay, it's been just over 20
minutes since we put these phones on
charge. So, the anchor is on, but you're
kidding me. Exactly 69%. So, that's an
$80 brick. Amazes $1,000 brick has done
27%. I didn't have high expectations.
That still hasn't met them. Honestly,
I'm kind of gutted. I actually really
wanted to love this. It's just so
pretty. It's aluminium all the way
around the sides. It's calf skinin
leather on the front and the back. The
fact that you have this actually working
physical dial to show you how much
battery the pack has left is really
unique and charming. Plus, if you flip
it around, it can also wireless charge.
So, you rest your phone on the H in the
middle here if it's just sitting on your
desk. But, it's not MagSafe compatible,
so it's going to be super inefficient. I
just feel like power banks specifically
are such a function first product that
you would have to be crazy to trade
having nearly three times the charging
speed and about six times the battery
capacity just for aesthetics. It's still
going to take up the same volume in your
bag either way. So, would I choose to
carry this even if it was the same
price? No. But now it's time to break
through the $1,000 threshold with the
ice breaker keyboard.
That is such serious business. It comes
presented like a boweapon.
But the crazy thing here is that this
thing is milled from a single solid
block of aluminium.
So, as expected, the weight of the thing
is immense. Like, it almost makes me
want to recheck the loadbearing capacity
of my desks. The first impressions are
kind of nice. I love the lighting. It's
very vibrant. And there's so much space
here. feels like we're at a level of
pricing where the keyboard comes with
its own desk. And it's kind of cool cuz
it gives you basically unlimited area to
rest your wrists against. And it also
creates room for a
very satisfying rotary encoder. And this
is programmable, but right now mine just
lets you do the very basic volume up and
down. They've even gone as far as to
forgot how damn heavy the thing is.
microperforate these metal key caps,
which are also completely custom made,
by the way, so that the backlighting
actually bleeds through. The effort
that's gone into this is hard to
dispute. Okay, moment of truth.
I don't like it. The slant is too steep
for me. It feels like a stretch, and
every time you press one key, part of
your finger keeps touching against the
key directly beneath it. And I was kind
of expecting it to have a really unique
metallic thunk, but in reality, it feels
quite ordinary. My hands are
particularly sensitive to non ideal
typing conditions, and this is one of
them. Did I use this video as an excuse
to buy the phone case that I've been
wanting to try for almost a decade?
Maybe. This is the $1699
gray Alter Ego case.
Um, little concerning that the insert is
upside down. It's a small thing, but
it's an indication of a lack of
attention to detail.
So, the thing that captivated my
attention all those years ago was this
is the most expensive phone case I've
ever seen and yet it has the least
material. And yeah, we have seen a
couple of cases more recently that have
also jumped on this bandwagon, but this
is the original and it looks kind of
cool. I mean, I do like the fact that
there's a cutout for the Apple logo, but
they've kept it in their very sharp
angular style. But wow, that is not nice
to hold. Some part of me was thinking it
would feel really freeing to not have a
case covering every surface of your
device, but it actually feels like some
sort of medieval slow torture device.
But at the very least, it should be
pretty protective. This is made of two
slabs of titanium that are screwed
together and then layered onto a softer
thermoplastic sheet, which is what stays
in contact with the phone. So, the
titanium is the exoskeleton, and then
the plastic is what's absorbing the
impact, which means we have to do
something that I don't really want to
do. Luxury phone case versus normal
phone case. So, this was a $10 first
thing that comes up on Amazon kind of
deal. Each case has the same phone and a
brand new version of it inside of them.
Normal case. 3 2 1.
And now the alter ego. 3 2 1. It's a
very strange feeling being more worried
for the case than the actual phone. So,
do we have any damage on our standard
phone? Yes, some. Although it's not
significant, but more importantly, the
phone is completely unlocked. Fair
enough. And so, actually, the uber
expensive case, I would say, has fared
worse. The phone's fine on both, but
there's very obvious permanent damage in
every corner of this thing. So, as you
probably assumed, this is not the way to
go. Now, most of the gadgets you've seen
so far are from pretty niche companies
or even companies that are fashion
brands more than they are tech brands.
But now it's time for an official Apple
product, the Apple Watch Hermes edition,
which is actually really strange. I had
no idea until this video that Apple on
their site has a whole separate section
where you can buy the Hermes version of
whatever their latest Apple Watch is and
be massively upcharged for the
experience. To be fair though, you feel
the difference when you're unboxing it.
This is a step up from any consumer tech
unboxing I've seen, which is kind of
expected when you bring together two
companies who know how to do this,
right? So, the first thing is the way
heavier than expected Hermes Grand H
metal strap. This is hefty.
There's another insert over here and
that's a second sports band silicon this
time but matched to the Hermes orange.
And then finally the watch body.
So this is the Hermes watch series 11.
This is the Apple Watch Series 11 which
is literally a quarter of the price. So
what's actually different? Well, the
Hermes does come in polished titanium by
default. So, this is a lot heavier. And
yeah, it is the more premium hardwearing
material, but that's also not really a
perk considering you can also upgrade
the normal Apple Watch to titanium and
it's still way cheaper. Oh, it does say
Hermes on the back just in case you
fancy taking it off every now and again
to check. So then I guess the only thing
that you will notice day-to-day is the
Hermes watch faces, but honestly, this
is very strange to me. You get the
radial collection, but it's just so
generic that it could be from any
company. There's a couple of other
similarly forgettable faces. And then
all the company's actual signature ones.
They look so odd to me. Obviously,
there's a heavy dose of subjectivity in
here, but all I see is 1980s video game
pixel art and a not quite finished
drawing of a horse. Only appeal I can
see is gifting. The unboxing is
different and it does make it feel
exclusive. And the Omese Watch is the
best version of the Apple Watch with the
titanium body. So, it's not worse. I
just kind of wish it was better
considering how much more it costs. But
now, at almost double the price of that,
the Louis Vuitton lightup speaker has an
unboxing experience that truly delivers.
This is exactly what you want Uber
Luxury to feel like. Every part of this
is made of really high quality
materials, but it's also designed to
give you everything you could possibly
want. So, there's one bag here which has
this quite nice leather wrist strap.
Over here, there's a
that's actually kind of wild. A charger,
but with like an adapter for every
possible country.
Another bag which has not one but two
Louis Vuitton branded cables, a 1 m and
a 3 m depending on how far apart the
sockets in your mansion are. Mini
envelopes that has the cleaning cloth
inside. Then a novel for your
instructions. That's maybe the first
instruction manual I've seen that you
could also use as a coffee table book.
There's the base of the speaker, which
in itself is already super weighty.
And then the speaker itself, which also
comes in its own custom protective case.
It's actually quite cool that the handle
of the speaker sticks out through it so
that you can hold it easily.
I got to say, when I heard light up
speaker, I was kind of getting the vibe
of those kids shoes that come with a
little toy car inside the sole. But
thankfully, that sentiment disappears
pretty quickly. It's quite clear that
this is at least trying to be a proper
piece of tech. It's got an app which is
quite simple but very premium where you
can pick a gradient or an animation to
display on all the lights around the
thing that can also sync to the music
it's playing. I do really like when you
change the color of the LEDs, it changes
the color of every single part of the UI
of this app to match obviously high-end
materials everywhere. It's a very
expensive cocktail of polish and matte
stainless steel. The whole mesh is
silver perforated leather and then this
LED ring all the way around is protected
by tempered glass and it's all
accompanied with what can only be
described as one of the greatest knobs
of our lifetime. This is how you change
volume and style. So, does it sound
luxury?
Uh,
no, not really. The problem is for the
money you pay, it's a tiny speaker. And
clearly all the engineering inside has
gone into cool LEDs and fancy materials,
but not on tech that's going to allow it
to defy those dimensions. So, they have
squeezed good sound out of this small
size. Like this sounds distinctly better
than a $50 Bluetooth speaker you're
going to buy on Amazon, but it doesn't
sound good for the price. So, do you
remember I mentioned Anker as one of the
companies you think of when you want a
good mainstream class tech product?
Well, there's one exception, the $4,999
Anker Nebula X1 Projector, our sponsor.
And luxury here buys you a freaking
transformer cuz this thing has a
telescopic handle baked inside of here,
power cable that can retract itself,
control panel at the top, remote and
microphones that rest inside which
automatically connect by the way for
karaoke. It's got lights so you can find
your way around in the dark. But then
you press one button here and two
speakers flank out from the sides.
There's two more speakers inside of here
and each one is charged by the machine
itself. You can take them out. They've
got their own legs baked in and they
connect instantly for 7.1.4 for surround
sound, Dolby Atmos.
&gt;&gt; We are the princesses.
&gt;&gt; And 400 W of power. Sorry, Lou.
&gt;&gt; Why are we still here?
&gt;&gt; And then the projector itself. It's 4K.
It's 3,500 lm of brightness. It can fill
a 200 in screen. But the thing that I
really rate about it is the fact that
you don't even need to move the thing.
It's got a gimbal, so you can pan it up
and down from one spot. It focuses by
itself. It corrects for its own angle.
And the thing is currently $2,000 off
with the Kickstarter early bird offer in
the description.
The time has come to unbox what can only
be described as the big daddy of this
video and maybe my whole life. So,
there's two headphones here. There's the
$119,000
Noir Rainbow, and then the $139,000
Ice Diamond. They're both made as part
of a collab between Louve, who's brought
the tech, and then Jacob and Co, who's
brought the materials. And oh yeah, each
of these are one of five in the world.
Someone has had to hand deliver these
from Germany to our house. They're still
upstairs. So, let's start with the
rainbow. I always get a little bit
nervous with these expensive products.
It's not very often you get to see the
behindthe-scenes unboxing of something
this insanely valuable.
Do they actually put cleaning cloths
over every surface of the internal box?
The production cost for the packaging of
these headphones is €1,500.
It's so slippy. Okay.
Wow.
I could sleep in that. So, there's the
main compartment and then there's a
drawer underneath. Oh my god, that's
leather. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You can smell
that. It's not one of those things
everyone likes, but I love it. Oh, and
also at the bottom, you've got two
different cables. Both look goldplated
to me.
Oh, I wasn't really sure what to expect.
You know, we've seen a lot of products
already that are fancy materials, but
they don't feel as nice. This ain't one
of them. That is like uber plush.
Then inside the case, wait, more gloves.
Did we buy these for no reason? Well,
there's $6 on Amazon I'm never getting
back. Another cleaning cloth.
Certificate of authenticity.
This looks like some sort of
international declaration. What's this?
Is that a bag for the case for the
headphones? These guys in the packaging.
All right, let's get to business. The
Noir Rainbow headphones.
Oh my god.
Limited edition. One of five. That is
actually beautiful. So, this is a 14
karat rose gold ring, but the crazy part
of it is it is set with 204 multicolored
sapphires. I mean, just the way that it
interacts with light is phenomenal. And
shockingly, it's actually tastefully
done. This is the first obnoxiously
expensive product that I actually think
looks better than just about any
consumer grade one. Oh, it's got gold
lettering on the top. Look at that.
Although there is something amusing
about the fact that the one product they
chose for extreme bedazzlement is like
the one product that you fully cannot
see when you're using it. Now Ice
Diamond. So I imagine most of this
unboxing experience is going to be the
same. So we'll just do the headphones. 3
2 1
That's actually even better. Somehow
that's actually even better. This one's
a little different. This ring is 14
karat white gold, but with 456
brilliant cut diamonds. If you've ever
shopped for a wedding ring before, you
will immediately understand why this
thing costs so much. But wow, the design
of the enclosures and the individual
claws holding each diamond is so
intricate. It is dazzling to look at.
Let's have a listen, I guess.
Wo! You can tell they're really big 50
mil drivers. You're getting really
powerful, deep bass, but in a way that
the headphones don't feel like they're
exerting themselves. Noise isolation is
crazy, too. I I can barely hear myself,
to be honest. It's also absolutely crazy
to me that this is your volume control,
and this is how you skip tracks. So,
your dials are basically $70,000 each.
This is kind of the life right now. I'm
not going to lie. Honestly, one of the
best wireless headphones I ever listened
to. I mean, it's $140,000. That's not a
surprise, but it's good to see that it's
not sacrificing on the tech just to look
pretty. There's something nice about
knowing that if you are going to spend
uber amounts of money, then at least you
are getting the best sound quality, too.
Even if that sound quality might cost
$1,000 instead of well, this. Although,
I do feel like I would be absolutely
terrified to actually wear these and use
these outside the house or inside the
house. As for the Hall of Fame winner
for this video, there's a couple of
close contenders, but I think it has to
be the backpack.